Psalm 82 the chief musician said to the
Psalm 82 the chief musician said to the lilies a testimony of a safe a psalm
lilies a testimony of a safe a psalm
lilies a testimony of a safe a psalm [Music]
[Music]
[Music] give ear or Shepherd of Israel you who
give ear or Shepherd of Israel you who
give ear or Shepherd of Israel you who lead Joseph like a flock you who dwell
lead Joseph like a flock you who dwell
lead Joseph like a flock you who dwell between the cherubim shine forth before
between the cherubim shine forth before
between the cherubim shine forth before Ephraim Benjamin and Manasseh stir up
Ephraim Benjamin and Manasseh stir up
Ephraim Benjamin and Manasseh stir up your strength and come and save us
your strength and come and save us
your strength and come and save us restore us O God cause your face to
restore us O God cause your face to
restore us O God cause your face to shine and we shall be saved
shine and we shall be saved
shine and we shall be saved Oh Lord God of hosts how long will you
Oh Lord God of hosts how long will you
Oh Lord God of hosts how long will you be angry against the prayer of your
be angry against the prayer of your
be angry against the prayer of your people you have fed them with the bread
people you have fed them with the bread
people you have fed them with the bread of tears and given them tears to drink
of tears and given them tears to drink
of tears and given them tears to drink in great measure you have made us a
in great measure you have made us a
in great measure you have made us a strife to our neighbors and our enemies
strife to our neighbors and our enemies
strife to our neighbors and our enemies laugh among themselves restore us O God
laugh among themselves restore us O God
laugh among themselves restore us O God of hosts cause your face to shine and we
of hosts cause your face to shine and we
of hosts cause your face to shine and we shall be saved you have brought a vine
shall be saved you have brought a vine
shall be saved you have brought a vine out of Egypt you have cast out the
out of Egypt you have cast out the
out of Egypt you have cast out the nations and planted it you prepared room
nations and planted it you prepared room
nations and planted it you prepared room for it and caused it to take deep root
for it and caused it to take deep root
for it and caused it to take deep root and it filled the land the hills were
and it filled the land the hills were
and it filled the land the hills were covered with its shadow and the mighty
covered with its shadow and the mighty
covered with its shadow and the mighty Cedars with its bowels she sent out her
Cedars with its bowels she sent out her
Cedars with its bowels she sent out her boughs to the sea and her branches to
boughs to the sea and her branches to
boughs to the sea and her branches to the river why have you broken down her
the river why have you broken down her
the river why have you broken down her hedges so that all who passed by the way
hedges so that all who passed by the way
hedges so that all who passed by the way pluck her fruit the bore out of the
pluck her fruit the bore out of the
pluck her fruit the bore out of the woods up roots it and the wild beasts of
woods up roots it and the wild beasts of
woods up roots it and the wild beasts of the field devours it return we beseech
the field devours it return we beseech
the field devours it return we beseech you O God of hosts look down from heaven
you O God of hosts look down from heaven
you O God of hosts look down from heaven and see and visit this vine and the
and see and visit this vine and the
and see and visit this vine and the vineyard which your right hand has
vineyard which your right hand has
vineyard which your right hand has planted and the branch that you made
planted and the branch that you made
planted and the branch that you made strong for yourself it is burned with
strong for yourself it is burned with
strong for yourself it is burned with fire it is cut down they perish at the
fire it is cut down they perish at the
fire it is cut down they perish at the rebuke of your countenance let your hand
rebuke of your countenance let your hand
rebuke of your countenance let your hand be upon the man of your right hand upon
be upon the man of your right hand upon
be upon the man of your right hand upon the Son of man whom you made strong for
the Son of man whom you made strong for
the Son of man whom you made strong for yourself then we will not turn back from
yourself then we will not turn back from
yourself then we will not turn back from you
you
you revive us and we will call upon your
revive us and we will call upon your
revive us and we will call upon your name restore us O Lord God of hosts
name restore us O Lord God of hosts
name restore us O Lord God of hosts cause your face to shine and we shall be
cause your face to shine and we shall be
cause your face to shine and we shall be saved
saved
saved [Music]